What is the first step in the human digestive system?
What is saliva?
What is in saliva that starts to digest the starches?
What is the definition of bolus?
What is the action of the food morving down the esophagus into the stomach called?
What is the practive of coprophagia behaviours?
Why do some animals pass food through their gut twice?
What happens with these soft feacal pellets?
Are normal droppings also eaten? 
What are the two types of digestion?
When did external digestion develop?
What still uses the external digestion system?
What is the name of the tube that helps add in animal digestion?
Why is internal digection better than external?
What elements can transfer to plant cells?
Where do transferred genes enter?
What do bacteria use as carbon and energy sources?
What happens to infected plant cells?
What are endosymbionts of the bacteria?
Where are teeth found?
What are teeth used for?
What are teeth made out of?
What in human teeth enables proprioception?
What happens when you bite something you cant chew?
What is the fourth and final stomach compartment in ruminants?
What is the abomasums close equivalent?
What does this site serve primarily as?
What happens to digesta when it moves to the small intestine?
What is also digested in the small intestine?
What does a earthworms digestive systme consist of?
What does an earthworm eat?
What helps the earthworm grab grass leaves and weeds?
What is the food coated with for easier passage?
What part of the earthworm helps churn and mix the dirt and food?
Where does the digestions of some fats start?
Where are fats mainly digested?
What happens when there is a presence of fat in the small intestine?
What does bile from the liver help do?
What is one molecule of fat?
What is digestion?
In some organisms, how are these molecules absorbed?
What are the two ways that food is broken down?
What is mechanical digestion?
What is chemical digestion?
What are three digestions phases?
Where does the cephalic phase occur?
Where are taste and smell stimuli sent to?
How long does the gastric phase take?
How is the gastric phase stimulated to start?
What happens in a chennel transupport system? 
What three protien subunites are in the chennel transupport system?
What does this secretion system transport?
What other method does Gram-negative bacters use to release material?
What happens with the pinch off part of the outer membrane?
What does the release of vesicles seem to demenstrate?
What virulence factors do some bacterial species have?
What muscle movements are used for digestion?
What does every stpe of digestion require?
What does needing energy to digest impose?
Over head charges influence what?
Where does digestion begin?
What is food formed into before it is swallowed?
Where does food go after the esophagus?
What is the action of food being moved into the stomach?
What does gastric juice consist of?
What is lactase?
What are lactoses component parts?
Where are glucose and galactose absorbed?
What percent of the population are unable to eat unfermented milk-based foods?
What is knon as when you are  unable to eat unfermented milk-based foods?
What is the resulting thick liquid called?
What does chyme mix with in the duodenum?
Where does hyme go after the duodenum?
Where is chyme absorbed into?
Where does 95% of absobtion of nutrients occur?
What is the firs phase in preparation for digestion  in mammals?
What is the cephalic phase?
What digestions begin in the mouth?
What happens in the stomach after the food is chewed and mixed with starches?
Where does absorption occur?
Where does protein digestion occur?
What are the three main enzymes that break down food?
What are digestive enzymes mostly secreted as?
What are dipeptidases broken down into?
What organ secretes chymotrypsin?